Wiki/Docs Updates (#194)
TagStudioDev/TagStudio: doc/Tag.md

# Tag

> Tags are keywords that represent a certain user-defined attribute. A person, place, thing, concept, you name it! Tags allow for a more sophisticated way to organize and search [entries](/doc/Entry.md) thanks to their aliases, parent tags, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags are user-defined attributes made up of one or more keywords, aliases, and relationships to other tags. A person, place, thing, concept, you name it! Tags allow for a more sophisticated way to organize and search [entries](/doc/Entry.md) thanks to their aliases, parent tags, and more.
```
